From Phoenix Symphony hall, it's the fourth annual NFL honors, please welcome your host
Seth Meyers
Good evening
And welcome, everyone, to the fourth annual NFL honors; a night that combines
all of the excitement of a trip to Phoenix with none of the hassle of playing in the Super Bowl
so great to see so many players here and
let me just say how nice it is to see all of you with your helmets off
Well except for you, Dez Bryant. I feel like your helmet is always off
Do they not have your size?
I'd like to congratulate the two teams who are playing in Super Bowl XLIX on Sunday
They say there's a lot of parity in the league these days, but it seems like no matter what
happens during the regular season, it always comes down to the New England Patriots versus the NFL Rulebook
And so as I say to my therapist at the beginning of every session, I need to talk about Tom Brady's balls
This story is out of control
I mean
how crazy do things have to get to hear these words on Sportscenter "Now here to comment on the
Super Bowl, Bill Nye the Science Guy"
It's a huge story and even more shocking
NFL investigators also discovered that New England Patriot Vince Wilfork is actually three guys crammed into one uniform
Two adults and a very husky kid
But I for one am tired of focusing on air pressure and PSI, instead
I say let's focus on the fact that this year Bill Belichick became the sixth coach in NFL history to reach 200
regular season wins, give it up
Or you know 170 adjusted for inflation, but look
You guys look
If there is any group of people who won't get bothered by allegations that their team broke some rules, it is the calm, level-headed
people of Boston
When asked if they thought the Patriots had cheated 63% of new Englanders said no while the remaining 37% said "you being smart?"
"Is that a smart question? Keep walking bro, I don't want to take your survey"
But tonight is about incredible performances, and maybe none were as impressive as those of MVP finalist J.J.
Watt give it up JJ. Watt everybody
He's here tonight
And I just want to say to him J.J.
You've been in a league for four years you are very very good at football
It is time for you to come out of your shell you have to stop being a shrinking violet J.J.
We want to see the real you
J.J. Had five scores this year including three offensive touchdowns, three offensive touchdowns. It's what the New York Jets call a season
Sure, Sanchez loves it now!
Everyone was talking about Marshawn Lynch this week well, except for, you know, Marshawn Lynch
Marshawn was fined this season for not speaking to reporters because if players stopped speaking to reporters
How else would we know that you went out there played hard and gave 100%?
We'd have no way of knowing
Marshawn doesn't like talking to reporters though if you asked me that says less about Marshawn Lynch than it does about the reporters he paid
$100,000 so he wouldn't have to talk to you guys, usually that's called a divorce
Speaking of the Seahawks Richard Sherman's girlfriend Ashley is pregnant and could go into labor
Super Bowl Sunday, it seems tough to stop a baby that wants to come out, but if anyone can shut it down
It's Sherman and his legion of womb
You know there is some speculation that Sherman's girlfriend's giving birth on Super Bowl Sunday was all arranged by her obstetrician, Dr. Michael Crabtree
Arizona Star Larry Fitzgerald is here tonight. Give it up for Larry Fitzgerald
Larry is looking forward to spending the offseason working out and honing his skills
And he told me backstage that if he starts now
He might be able to learn the names of all the Cardinals quarterbacks by opening day
He loves a challenge!
It was kind of a tricky year for NFL referees, and I just like to say people complain a lot about the NFL refs
But if it weren't for them, we might not have Tony Romo here tonight
Tony
Tony is a finalist for MVP, Congratulations the amazing Cowboy season returning to the playoffs for the first time in five years
I thought it was so nice that the team was finally as high-quality as the giant TV in your stadium
You might not know this Tony but for the last few seasons late in games
They would just switch that thing over to reruns of Seinfeld
And that's a show about nothing
Colts quarterback, Andrew la-, Andrew Luck is here tonight. Where's Andrew luck?
And good news so is his neck beard, look at that thing. It's either a terrible beard or a great scarf
Andrew, I know making fun of your neckbeard is becoming an annual event at the NFL honors
But that's only because you will not take a hint
What was a more egregious land grab this year, Vladimir Putin invading Crimea, or Andrew's beard invading his neck?
Seriously man, give it up. You play quarterback, not banjo
MVP finalist Aaron Rodgers is here tonight. Give it up for Aaron Rodgers
Aaron had a lot of memorable moments this year, that time in Week Three when he told everyone to relax and more recently that time
In the last five minutes of the NFC championship game when he said why is everyone relaxing now is not the time of the place
for this foolishness
You know
Very sorry
You know what's so amazing?
You know what's so amazing about football is its capacity to surprise us
After Seattle started 3 and 3 who would have thought they'd still be here. After New England lost to the Chiefs
41 to 14 in Week 4 who would have still thought
they'd still be here and after everything that happened in the NFL this year, who would have thought Roger Goodell would still be here
A survivor, the man is a survivor
But let me say there are so many exciting things happening under Commissioner Goodell
The league continues to grow internationally, it was announced that for the third season in a row, the Jacksonville
Jaguars will play a game in London
You know England is our ally right? It doesn't quite seem fair. They gave us the Beatles and in return, we're giving them the Bortles
More exciting news the 49ers opened their new Levi's stadium this season
But sadly since Levi's makes jeans the 49ers had to get rid of everyone who wears khakis
We will miss you Jim Harbaugh may you and your pleats find the same anger and frustration
in the college game that you found in the NFL
I should also mention the tonight show will run two hours or about twice as long as the Johnny Manziel era
It was a rough start for Johnny Football this year
But it makes more sense when you learn that his middle name is college Johnny "College" Football
Manziel was fined
$10,000 for an obscene gesture then went 0 and 2 to in his two starts
And he was spotted hanging out with Justin Bieber. When asked if he thought it affected his performance Bieber said nah,
I wasn't that good to begin with
Speaking of the Browns, NFL legend Jim Brown is here
Did you did you enjoy the end of the Browns season, Jim?
That's good. It's it's always nice to see you having a lovely time
I don't see Peyton Manning
I don't see Peyton Manning in the house tonight, which I guess means no one paid Papa John the ransom
Fun fact, if you watch those Papa John commercials closely you can actually see Peyton blinking "help me" in Morse code
Archie, you better be getting free dipping sauces out of all that. That's what I say!  You know there was some talk about
Peyton retiring after this season. I don't know if he will or he won't but one thing's for sure; he won't.
I believe those retirement rumors about as much as I believe Papa John's hair color
I will say, Aaron Rodgers, you're really giving Peyton a run for his money when it comes to commercials. You may have actually been in more
this year, I'm not sure, I'll have to double-check
You know
One of the things the league is really focusing on a lot these days is what is or isn't a safe and legal tackle
Well tonight
We're very happy to premiere the league's new instructional video "How to Tackle" so just take a look at the screen
So here we go as you see what you need to do
Is you lead with the belly in the chest and then you want to wrap up the opponent two at a time
Don't bend the arms, never bend the arms, and then you just want to jostle
You just want to jostle him, never bring them to the ground, never bring him to the ground, and then just a sleeper hold
Just a sleeper hold on your opponent. You got that? Great.
So good luck to all of tonight's nominees
Sit back, relax, and enjoy the show and remember even if you lose tonight, even if you lose tonight
You can still win the NFC south
now
presenting...